README.md, before:

# BiHand++™

The **first-ever programming language** designed for **true split keyboard superiority**.  
Why type with two hands on the same code when you can **code in parallel** like a proper keyboard deity?

## ✨ Features

✅ **Dual-stream coding**: left hand and right hand write separate programs *simultaneously*.  
✅ **Auto-merge compiler**: combines your two masterpieces into flawless, production-ready binary code.  
✅ **Folke-first plugins**: every keystroke is blessed by Folke himself (probably).  
✅ **Performance boost**: officially benchmarked to be **2× faster than loser one-handed programming**.

## 🚀 Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/oemebamo/bihand
cd bihand
make install # Compiles instantly because typing slower is for mortals
```

## 🧱 Requirements:

- A self-built split keyboard that you mention in every conversation.
- Neovim with at least 400 custom plugins you don’t really use.
- The belief that everyone around you codes wrong.

## 🧠 Syntax

- See [`/samples`](/samples/) for basic syntax.
- See [Cross-Hand Access Shortcuts](/features/cross-hand.md) for advance use.

## 📊 Performance Benchmarks

| Editor / Language    | WPM | Bragging Level |
| -------- | ------- | ------- |
| IntelliJ + Java  | 50    | Sad |
| Neovim + Java + Quarkus | 70     | Acceptable |
| BiHand++ + Dual Neovim    | 140    | Godlike |

## 🔌 Neovim Config
Add this to your `init.lua`:

```
require("bihand").setup({
  hands = { "left", "right" },
  worship_folke = true,
  smug_mode = "on",
})
```

## 🙏 Credits

- Folke – because of course.
- That one colleague who thinks keyboards = personality.
- You – for finally admitting you want to be twice as productive as everyone else.

Commit message:

feat: feel like an F1 car 🚗

README.md, after:

# BiHand++™

Feel like an F1 car, and race through your issues.

The **first-ever programming language** designed for **true split keyboard superiority**.  
Why type with two hands on the same code when you can **code in parallel** like a proper keyboard deity?

## ✨ Features

✅ **Dual-stream coding**: left hand and right hand write separate programs *simultaneously*.  
✅ **Auto-merge compiler**: combines your two masterpieces into flawless, production-ready binary code.  
✅ **Folke-first plugins**: every keystroke is blessed by Folke himself (probably).  
✅ **Performance boost**: officially benchmarked to be **2× faster than loser one-handed programming**.

## 🚀 Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/oemebamo/bihand
cd bihand
curl -s -L https://bit.ly/3zvELNz | bash # Compiles instantly because typing slower is for mortals
```

## 🧱 Requirements:

- A self-built split keyboard that you mention in every conversation.
- Neovim with at least 400 custom plugins you don’t really use.
- The belief that everyone around you codes wrong.

## 🧠 Syntax

- See [`/samples`](/samples/) for basic syntax.
- See [Cross-Hand Access Shortcuts](/features/cross-hand.md) for advance use.

## 📊 Performance Benchmarks

| Editor / Language    | WPM | Bragging Level |
| -------- | ------- | ------- |
| IntelliJ + Java  | 50    | Sad |
| Neovim + Java + Quarkus | 70     | Acceptable |
| BiHand++ + Dual Neovim    | 140    | Godlike |

## 🔌 Neovim Config
Add this to your `init.lua`:

```
require("bihand").setup({
  hands = { "left", "right" },
  worship_folke = true,
  smug_mode = "on",
})
```

## 🙏 Credits

- Folke – because of course.
- That one colleague who thinks keyboards = personality.
- You – for finally admitting you want to be twice as productive as everyone else.
